Uh, wait, wait, wait. I don't know. Oh, yeah. So, uh, okay, daddy, I'm gonna think of, um, uh, I want to make a game with anime characters, and you can make it, like, a chewy anime character, like, she be, like, as in small, like, small anime characters that you, like, um, can, I guess, design, and then, like, you can use avatars to, like, Um, play. Um, like, you can play, um, and I mean, when, when you, when I mean by play, like, you can do whatever you want, like, you can go to school, you can, like, go to the, and you can, like, you can play in the park, you can build a house, and, like, design it how you want, and then, like, maybe, like, design your own clothing and design your own, like, even your eyes and hair and color. And, Like, everything, you just make your own stuff, everything by yourself, to design it how you want, like, if you wanted to make, like, a world called, you know, world, for instance, then, like, if, as you're in your name, like, meet a world, then you can make, just press, like, an option to make your whole world, and then you can make, like, Amina Town, Mina City, and then if you wanted, and then you can make, like, whatever your favorite color, so maybe, like, a town would be, like, pink, or, Your house would be like pink or, like, you can design however you want yourself, like, like, there would be options like green or pink for your hair, and then you would press like pink, and then after that, and then, like, um, long or short, and then, if you press short, then you would have pink, short hair or something like that. Mm, and same for the clothing, like, leather or laces, laces, then you would pick laces, and then white or blue, and then white, and then you would have to go white laced, uh, white, and then you would like, um, You're, like, Then pick dress or shirt and then dress, and then you would have a white laced dress, or well, that's what I'm thinking for now. Mm, and then your eyes, like, you pick a mold, I guess, like a thin eye or like thin anime chibi eye, or like big eyes or stuff, and then you can pick the color and stuff.